
Reasons for vacating the house :

Proof 1 : Sharing  whatsapp screenshot  , where I  have messaging Abhijit after the call ( His comments on Horoscope ) . He did asked whether we have performed pooja   properly or not ? 
Proof 2:   Sharing Whatsaoo ScreenShot , House has Seepage issue from 2019 and which is not solved till March 13th ( we left Bangalore on 13th ).
Proof3 : Sharing Whatapp ScreenShot :   Master Bedroom Geyser was  ON for almost 14 days continuously as it was connected incorrectly before handover to us.    When we raised concerned over Geyser hot water  , ASV-Associate misled us saying it is connected to Solar.
Proof4 : Drain  issue  ( Hand ful of mud was removed during cleanup as it was never cleaned from the beginning ). Have not taken pic during cleaning.
Proof5 : Common Bath room Geyser leakage issue due to high pressure in pipeline. 
Proof6 :  Kitchen Cabin issue , which we raised concern in  1st week .we occupied the house , got fixed in March 1st week.
Proof7 : Requested for Permission to install water Softener   as water hardness is too high in this society Still Owner approval pending.
Proof 8 : 7pending  issues listed  by the day we left Bangalore in March’21
Proof 9 :  Abhijit clearly mentioned over the mail to vacate the house as  per our initiation . He informed his legal team and Brigade team to take appropriate action. .  He instructed ASV- Venkatesh to align person to collect keys. We were at the house till 8
Proof 11: Down floor Residents (M-852)  shared pictures of complete sealing  . They have confirmed everything is fine. They have observed seepage for only last 3 days before raising complaint  on ADDA.  It got resolved  as it got  cleaned.  
Proof 12 :  Master Bed Wall  is dried now , it may not required any water treatment .  Owner never took any water Treatment for the wall which has seepage since we took the house.
   
   Seriously we don’t have to give any reasoning for vacating house  and as per the agreement we can give 1 month notice 


On Estimates :


Point 2:  We have spoken to  M-852 Residents on 12th  Aug 21 , the day  Praveen  arrived Bangalore.  From the Past 2 days they were observing the leakage for which they raised a concern . They have confirmed  that there is no leakage  from  the  day  it has been cleaned ( 08th Aug 21 ) .   We have collected Pics and  chat confirmation from the M-852 residents  on 30th July 21 ,that  there is no leakage anywhere throughout the sealing of the house. Please find the attachment with Pics.

Point3 : We have vacated the house as per the instructions  by Owner Abhijit .  In response to our mail (Vacating house on 29/08/21, after discussion with ASV-Manager ) , Abhijit clearly stated that we have to hand over the keys  and our access will be terminated on 14th Aug.  He even instructed ASV -Manager to align a legal Team .  As per ASV-Manager request over call , one of his Colleague suppose to collect House keys at 8PM on 13th Aug 21. We were in the house till 8.30PM and have signed registry before leaving the premises ( Please check register Entry and CC TV footage). We have closed all the formalities as per the Brigade and got the clearance check on 12th Aug 21.   Mr Raghu from Brigade , due to mishap or technical issue could not update our Move-Out details into the System . On 19th Aug 2021 , Mr Raghu updated into the system and got the clearance.

Point 4:  Regarding estimates , we have  agreed for Master Bedroom wooden flooring , Wall Painting , Master Bed Room Door Frame , Child Bed Room Door Frame and Master Bed room Door Frame .  We are not convinced  with Damage comments made on kitchen Cabin and skirting work across the house. It looks absolutely intact , any expert can be checked except Venkatesh(ASV) to evaluate the same.  Regarding flooring , non on our wooden furniture damaged nor   We have provided comments in Estimation xls sheet.   We don’t have nay intension to leave house  without addressing issues.   

Point 5: On 29th Aug 21 , ASV- Manager  Venkatesh visited our place from his busy schedule.  We had a discussion on  things which are agreeing and not agreeing . We brought the point of vacating house on 13th Aug.  As per our discussion on 13th Aug , Praveen has mentioned that we will vacate the house but if you need extra days for the repair  , please take another 10 or 15 days, will pay rent for the same.  But Venkatesh was expecting a formal mail from us , which we were not aware , so we are ok to confirm the same on 29th Aug 21 over the mail.

Point 6:   In   Our first interaction on 15th Dec 20, over phone , Abhijit was asking for complete rent advance as Im getting house for cheap. I have clearly told my current situation and struggles due to personal and financial losses.  I have clearly told that it will be tough to pay complete rent but I will try. I wont give any assurance on that.  Mr Abhijit has added a line in the agreement stating , I will paying rent in 2 installments  by Feb and April 21.  To my surprise , Mr Venkatesh did followup chat on rest of the rent on April 10 through Whatsapp.( Please find the Attachment ). 

Point 7 : We don’t have to give any reason for shifting house as such agreement is concerned.  As Mr Abhijit attacking us personally , its our responsibility to explain 
•	 On 13th July ,  had call with Abhijit . We have clearly told that things will be taken care and get  it right. It was an accident even Abhijit agreed on that day. I have spoken to his Mother as well as she was worried. I have clearly mentioned that I will be staying for next 2 years , please not to worry and will get things corrected.  In another call on the same day , Abhijit questioned whether we have done pooja properly . I have mentioned last year I had too many losses like 75% of my house & car got submerged in water due to cyclone and it was painful to recover from that.  Abhijit mentioned better I should  check my horoscope . After the call , I did message him saying , its just bad timing and nothing to do with horoscope. Abhijit does replied saying it could be bad timing and he don’t believe in that.    
•	 Questions were raised on Pooja and Horoscope . If we still continue to stay in same house, if any thing happens it will be pointed to these things in future as well. So clearly decided not to continue in that house. I did mention in whatsapp , that I will decide to continue here or not.
•	I have communicated  on vacating the house verbally to Venkatesh on the 13th July  when he visited house.  As he understood that we are leaving , he mentioned full house should be painted and include door stopper, marks in bathroom , which has nothing to do with this incident.  He does mentioned clearly these items in Estimation sheet.
•	This house has seepage issue . Abhijit has raised complaint in 2019 with bridge which still not resolved as of March . We have pointed on the  6th Jan 21  for which Owner acknowledged it will be resolved in a week, which still not yet resolved. Worker visited multiple times and left things uncleaned.  There was fugus formation on the seepage wall for weeks which got repaired and reappeared on the wall again.  
•	Master Bedroom Geyser was ON for almost 14 days as it was connected wrongly. When we questioned ASV Associate why master bedroom water always hot , he replied saying it is connected SOLAR. We were using bathroom for almost 14 days with Geyser ON all the time . This was life threating thing  as it would caused short circuit or fire accident.
•	We have asked for Electricity bill at the end of Jan , for which there were no proper explanation . Got a reply saying , it will be taken care, why are you worrying. 
•	There was water leakage from common bath room for which ASV confirmed it is due to pressure increase in the pipeline.
•	Cylinders were kept outside as there was delay in gas connection for unknown time .  It was difficult with a 6 years old kid to keep it open and gas pipe was running from outside ( please refer figure : )
•	Kitchen Cabin repair work too almost 2 months which we complained in 1st week.  Workers has been visiting house to fix that task for 4 times.
•	Master Bedroom bedroom , don’t have any Shelf in shower area , we have been asking for shelfs from day 1 , it didn’t get resolved.
•	We have requested for Water Softner Installation with our expenses as overall water hardness is too high and we were getting health issues ( hair loss ) , which was kept pending.
•	There was an argument with ASV Manager on issues in the house , for which he replied , new house will have problems , you should know before taking it and for the rent we are paying , these facilities are more then enough. ASV- Venkatesh was angry as we have asked his colleague to clean as worker left without cleaning it. He felt offended .  This was happening quite frequently as workers leaving without cleaning. 

   We have kept utmost clean during our stay . there is no single mark on any wall though we have kid around.  Not even  single Nail we have drilled nor asked. 


  Point 8 :   We have mentioned clear reasoning for things we are agreeing to get it repaired.  ASV estimation , hardly given any explanation . When Venkatesh was at our place on 29th Aug , he himself said that no one can make out there was accident in this home. He clearly said he cant prove now that Kitchen wood has problem as it might look normal now.  Estimation took place in the presence of my friend Rishi , who is Brigade Resident ( Owns 2 properties ( 3BHK and 2BHK) .  He clearly  acknowledged it is in good condition, Only bottom middle door requires lamination work.   This can be inspected now with legitimate people.  Regarding flooring , it doesn’t require any repair work as leakage was in Masterbed room due to wooden flooring . We have confirmed with M-852 , they don’t see any leakage or marks on their sealing.

Point 9 : Abhijit did asked to check my horoscope and did questioned whether we have performed pooja properly . Abhijit should take a oath on his mother and say that he didn’t say it.  I will drop my allegation .
Point 10 : We have communicated  in person with venkatesh 13th July . If it is not valid , we are absolutely ok to consider it from 29th July where we have communicated through Mail
Point 11 : Yes Abhijit sent avasive mail in response to our mail ( sent on 29th July , intimating on vacating house).
Point 12 : Mr Abhijit has instructed ASV to align a legal team in his Evasive Mail on 31st July.  Infact he should take our expenses into account as he forced us to take legal channel. 



 As listed in estimation sheet , we have agreed for repair related to Master Bed room ( Wooden Flooring , Paint work , Door Frames ( Master Bed room Bath Room , Master Bed Door , and Child Bed Room Door). 
We are not agreeing to  complete floor cement work , Kitchen cabin replacement , and bottom sketching for wood work.

One Solution :
      In Kitchen , Woodwork is absolutely fine.  If you still think that there could be problem in coming months , would like to compensate if required .  I will keep money with Rishi  (Bridage Owner) , We will inspect in 3 months and get it repaired if required.
Regarding Floor work , if you see any leakage in next 4 months , will pay for the same. 

Second Option :
     If you still think that , it is required to get it repaired , lets share the expense for Floor work and kitchen work , will be worth of 80k ( as per  the quotation) . Will close the deal. 

3rd Option : 
     Get whole your house inspected by 3rd party , and share the report . This will also include floor slope checking . If flooring is not proper 




March 04 : 
          Keeping allegations apart ,  We have agreed to what   has been damaged .  No wood work is required except bottom middle door lamination.  If they prove wood is damaged  I will agree to replace. 
Regarding floor work ,  we have stayed in the house for more then a month after the incident . Checked with  8th floor residents (M-852)  , they have shared complete sealing pics and don’t see any  leakage.  Leakgae 
Can you prove you floor slope is  proper and Kitchen Drains are operational as expected ?  



